## 注意区别
### competent |ˈkɒmpɪtənt|  
having the necessary ability, knowledge, skill to do sth. successfully
1. efficient and capable
    1. an infinitely competent mother of three
    2. (Biology & Medicine) capable of performing normal function effectively
2. acceptable and satisfactory, though not outstanding
    1. She spoke quite competent English.
3. (of a court or other body) accepted as having legal authority to deal with a particular matter
    1. the London Stock Exchange is the competent authority under the Financial Service

### competitive  |kəmˈpɛtɪtɪv|
1. 有竞争力的；好竞争的
    1. 竞争优势 a competitive edge
    2. 相对某物有竞争力 to be competitive with sth
    3. 她有争强好胜的天性 She has a competitive streak.
2. relating to or characterized by competition
    1. a competitive sport
    2. the intensely competitive newspaper industry
    3. 竞争性投标 competitive bidding
    4. 按考试成绩择优录取 by competitive examination
***
### infinitely |ˈɪnfɪnətli| adv.
1. with out limit
2. [as submodifier] to a very great degree
    1. a sweet, infinitely watchable performance
    2. doing something is infinitely preferable to doing nothing
***
### textbook
1. [Cn.] 课本
2. [adj.] 规范的 a textbook example

***
### characterize |ˈkærəktəraɪz|
transitive verb
1. 将……描绘成 to characterize sb/sth as
2. 具有某种特点 to be characterized by [sth]
    1. 这一文明的特点曾经是物质主义 this civilization was characterized by materialism
***
### materialism
1. a tendency to consider material possessions and physical comfort as more important than spiritual values
2. 唯物主义 the theory or belief that nothing exist except matter and its movements and modifications
***
### signature
1. [Cn.]
    1. Her signature is totally illegible(|ɪˈledʒəbl|).
    2. 学校为这份请愿书收集到4000份签名。 The school collected 4000 signatures for the petition.
    3. 乌克兰签署了《里斯本协议》。 Ukrainian put their signature to *Lisbon Protocol*.
2. [Un.] **for signature**
    1. We will send you a copy of agreement for signature.
3. [Cn. usually singular] 明显特征；鲜明特色
    1. That lack of certainty, that lack of trust, in the US signature,由于美国存在不确定性，缺乏信任等情况，
    2. Smith's signature singing style
***
### sign-board 招牌；告示牌
***
### signet [Cn.]图章；私章
***
### strategic
1. The island is of strategic importance to this country.
***
### layer
1.
